
1. Write a C++ program to check whether a given number is odd or even.

2. Write a  C++ program to check whether a given number is palindrome or not.

3. Write a C++ program to print Fibonacci series upto n.

4. Write a C++ program to display prime numbers between Two intervals

5. Write a C++ program to print all roots of a quadratic equation.?

6.  Define a class to represent a bank account, include the following members:
Data members
    i. Name of the depositor
    ii. Account number
    iii. Type of account
    iv. Balance amount in the account
 Member Functions
    i. To assign initial values
    ii. To deposit an amount
    iii. To withdraw an amount after checking the balance.
    iv. To display name and balance.
           Write a main program to test the program.

7.  Create a class called 'EMPLOYEE' that has
    • EMPCODE and EMPNAME as data members
    • member function getdata( ) to input data
    •  member function display( ) to output data
Write a main function to create EMP, an array of EMPLOYEE objects. Accept anddisplay the details of at least 6 employees.

8.   Given that an EMPLOYEE class contains followingdata members: Employee number,  
           Employee name,  Basic, DA, IT, Net Salary. Write a program to read the data of N       
           employee and compute Net salary of each employee (DA=52% of Basic and income Tax 
          (IT) =30% of the gross salary).


9.  Define a STUDENT class with USN, Name and Marks in 3 tests of subject. Declare an
         array of 1O STUDENT objects. Using appropriate functions, find the average of two
          better marks for each student. Print the USN, Name and average marks of all the
          students.

 
10.  Write a C++ program using class to process shopping list for a department store. The
           list includesdetails such as Code No and price of each item and performing the
          operations  like Adding,Deleting items to the list and printing the total value of order.

11. Write a program to design a class complex to represent complex numbers. The complex
class should use an operator overloaded function for ‘+’ operator to add twocomplex
numbers. The function should return an object of type complex representing the sum of
two complex numbers.

12. Write a program to count the number of persons inside a bank, by increasing count
whenever a person enters a bank, using an increment (++) operator overloading function,
and decrease the count whenever a person leaves the bank using a decrement (--) operator
overloading function inside a class.

13. An electricity board charges the following rates to domestic users ti discourage large
consumption of energy:
a. For the first 100 units - 60P per unit
b. For next 200 units - 80P per unit
c. Beyond 300 units - 90P per unit
d. All users are charged a minimum of Rs.50.00. if the total amount is more than
Rs.300.00 than an additional surcharge of 15% is added

Write a C++ program to read the names of users and number of units consumed and print
out the charges with names

14. Write a program to design a student class representing student roll no. and a test class
(derived class of student)representing the scores of the student in various subjects and
sports class represents the score in sports. The sports and test class should be inherited by
a result class having the functionality to add the scores and display the final result fora
student.

15. Assume that a bank maintains two kinds of accounts for customers, one called as savings
account and other as current account.Create a class account that stores customer
name,account number and type of account. From this derive the classes cur_acct and
sav_acctto make them more specific to their requirements.Include necessary member
functions to achieve the following tasks.
i. Accept deposit from a customer and update the balance.
ii. Display the balance.
iii. Compute and deposit interest.
iv. Permit withdrawal and update balance.


16. Derive two specific classes &#39;TRIANGLE&#39; and &#39;RECTANGLE&#39; from the base class.Using
these three classes design a program that will accept dimension of a triangle /rectangle
interactively and display the area.


17.  Write a  C++ program to compute area of right angle triangle, equilateral triangle ,scalene  triangle using function 
overloading concept.

18.Write a program to insert the details of 5 employees. Using array of objects, prepare the
employee list and print the details of the employee with 10 plus experience. Use multilevel
inheritance features.
Employee : Make a class with Employee with name, experience and salary as
Protected data members
Department : Make a class Department inherit from employee. Add dept_name as
Data member and read values into the data members.
Senior : Make a class Senior inherits from Department. Display the details of
Employees with 10 plus experience.


19. Write a C++ program to implement Hierarchical Inheritance to find the square and cube of a given number. Side Declare 
class ‘Side’ as base class with a protected data member and a public member function to input a number. Derive classes ‘Square’
and ‘Cube’ in public mode with a Square Cube public member function to compute square and cube respectively.
